you think you've seen the tech news well
you ain't seen nothing yet hiya
[Music]
so enthusiastic reviews are finally out
for amd's much anticipated flagship
mainstream cpu the ryzen 9 3950x and boy
is it scrumptious it's the first 16 core
desktop cpu that's not technically part
of a high-end desktop lineup and so far
reviewers are singing its praises
including linus so check out the review
if you haven't seen it basically the
3950x appears to be the new king of
price to performance even beating some
of intel's hedt parts in multi-core
performance while operating at lower
power and lower temperatures than the
ryzen 9 3900x which has four fewer cores
so things are looking peachy for team
red right about now and we'll have to
see whether intel can manage a decent
counter attack with their 10th gen
desktop processors what are the odds of
that happening not good
microsoft announced a boatload of stuff
at their xo19 event yesterday including
games and project x-cloud details we got
trailers for age of empires 4 the
addition of halo reach to the master
chief collection which will hit pc on
december 3rd a new rare ip called
everwild a honey i shrunk the kid-style
survival game from obsidian called
grounded a narrative adventure tell me
why from
don't don't nod
don't nod games and crossfire x also
known as kriya cs go is that like
regular cs go but with more
choreographed group dancing
i guess so the company also committed to
launching their x-cloud streaming
service in 2020 with support for
non-xbox controllers like sony's
dualshock 4.
apparently over 50 games will be
available to stream dwarfing stadius
current launch lineup xbox reps also
said that they'll bring their game
streaming to xbox game pass hinting that
xcloud streaming may be included in the
subscription service looks like stadia
may have its work cut out for it if it
hopes to win over the traditional
console crown although i haven't heard
microsoft say anything about negative
latency so
could be a toss-up and motorola finally
took the wraps off its heavily leaked
foldable revamp of the classic razer
flip phone the new razer am i saying
that right razer razar
okay has a 6.2 inch flexible display and
folds down from the size of a regular
phone to half that with a second display
on the front for taking selfies in
folding mode the folding hinge also
appears to have addressed problems that
cause the samsung galaxy fold to be
vulnerable to dust and debris and while
the tech press has universally praised
the phone's physical design the device's
internal specs are disappointing it runs
on a snapdragon 710 which is a mid-range
cpu from 2018 and has a paltry 2 510
milliamp hour battery and the worst part
it's 1500
what i don't know i mean it would make
it way more satisfying to hang up on
somebody when they're giving me sass you
do that a lot yeah
linus
now it's time for the quick bits brought
to you by manscaped the best below the
waist grooming that's right they're
accurately named perfect package 2.0 kit
includes the new lawnmower 2.0 body body
trimmer sorry it's waterproof travel
friendly usb rechargeable and has
proprietary skin safe technology so it
won't nick or snag your delicate bits
manscaped also can hook you up with the
crop preserver an anti-chafing ball
deodorant and moisturizer plus
everything comes with a
come to this money-back guarantee
manscaping accidents are now a thing of
the past so celebrate by clicking the
link below and using code tech20 to get
20 off and free shipping so get your
manscape on at the link below i will
ooh
you know what would be so good right now
oh what quick bits oh motorola may have
just unveiled the razer razar
but that hasn't stopped huawei from
launching their folding phone the mate x
in china it may have launched without
any google apps but that didn't stop it
from selling out in seconds despite
costing around 2500 us dollars
and it not being available here doesn't
stop me from wanting it no yvonne why
are we bad
google stadia will be missing a bunch of
advertised features when it launches
next week including 4k gameplay on pc
stream connect state share family
sharing and support for existing
chromecast ultra units you'll have to
use the one that comes in the box
what
next you're going to tell me that
there's going to be positive latency
intel has reportedly dropped the
official code name for one of its
upcoming xe gpus it's called ponte
vecchio yeah yeah
after an old stone bridge in italy the
gpu unfortunately isn't a gaming unit
but it is intended for use in super
computers well i hope we get some news
soon about the gaming parts because
they'll probably be awesome mamma mia
that's not italian crytek has released a
ray tracing benchmark that is platform
agnostic meaning you can try it out with
any system not just ones equipped with
nvidia's rtx graphic cards the minimum
specs though are still pretty beefy
calling for 16 gigabytes of system realm
and at least an amd vega 56 but still
the rays they're all coming for us i can
see them now
they're not real it's okay okay
and apple has banned all vaping-related
apps from the ios app store in a
statement the company referenced the cdc
the american heart association and
others who say that vaping is connected
to a variety of lung injuries and
fatalities so while they have a good
reason it's still a dark day for iphone
using members of the vape niche
niche i don't know that word
okay oh niche like nation got it okay
oh
anyway stay strong and don't buy vape
products from weirdos
all right that's enough of this come
back on monday but for now you've seen
the tech news you may go
but
you're supposed to you're supposed to go
oh okay sorry